docs/manual/docs/cmd/aad/o365group/o365group-report-activitydetail.md, before:

# aad o365group report activitydetail

Get details about Office 365 Groups activity by group.

## Usage

```sh
aad o365group report activitydetail [options]
```

## Options

Option|Description
------|-----------
`--help`|output usage information
`-p, --period [period]`|The length of time over which the report is aggregated. Supported values `D7,D30,D90,D180`. Specify the `period` or `date`, but not both.
`-d, --date [date]`|The date for which you would like to view the users who performed any activity. Supported date format is `YYYY-MM-DD`. Specify the `date` or `period`, but not both.
`-f, --outputFile [outputFile]`|Path to the file where the Office 365 Groups activity by group report should be stored in
`--query [query]`|JMESPath query string. See [http://jmespath.org/](http://jmespath.org/) for more information and examples
`-o, --output [output]`|Output type. `text,json`. Default `text`
`--verbose`|Runs command with verbose logging
`--debug`|Runs command with debug logging

## Examples

Get details about Office 365 Groups activity by group for the last week

```sh
aad o365group report activitydetail --period D7
```

Get details about Office 365 Groups activity by group for September 09, 2019

```sh
aad o365group report activitydetail --date 2019-09-28
```

Get details about Office 365 Groups activity by group for the last week and exports the report data in the specified path in text format

```sh
aad o365group report activitydetail --period D7 --output text --outputFile "o365groupactivitydetail.txt"
```

Get details about Office 365 Groups activity by group for the last week and exports the report data in the specified path in json format

```sh
aad o365group report activitydetail --period D7 --output json --outputFile "o365groupactivitydetail.json"
```

Commit message:

Renames 'Office 365 CLI' to 'CLI for Microsoft 365'. Closes #1635

docs/manual/docs/cmd/aad/o365group/o365group-report-activitydetail.md, after:

# aad o365group report activitydetail

Get details about Microsoft 365 Groups activity by group.

## Usage

```sh
aad o365group report activitydetail [options]
```

## Options

Option|Description
------|-----------
`--help`|output usage information
`-p, --period [period]`|The length of time over which the report is aggregated. Supported values `D7,D30,D90,D180`. Specify the `period` or `date`, but not both.
`-d, --date [date]`|The date for which you would like to view the users who performed any activity. Supported date format is `YYYY-MM-DD`. Specify the `date` or `period`, but not both.
`-f, --outputFile [outputFile]`|Path to the file where the Microsoft 365 Groups activity by group report should be stored in
`--query [query]`|JMESPath query string. See [http://jmespath.org/](http://jmespath.org/) for more information and examples
`-o, --output [output]`|Output type. `text,json`. Default `text`
`--verbose`|Runs command with verbose logging
`--debug`|Runs command with debug logging

## Examples

Get details about Microsoft 365 Groups activity by group for the last week

```sh
aad o365group report activitydetail --period D7
```

Get details about Microsoft 365 Groups activity by group for September 09, 2019

```sh
aad o365group report activitydetail --date 2019-09-28
```

Get details about Microsoft 365 Groups activity by group for the last week and exports the report data in the specified path in text format

```sh
aad o365group report activitydetail --period D7 --output text --outputFile "o365groupactivitydetail.txt"
```

Get details about Microsoft 365 Groups activity by group for the last week and exports the report data in the specified path in json format

```sh
aad o365group report activitydetail --period D7 --output json --outputFile "o365groupactivitydetail.json"
```
